README.md, before:

# GOV.UK Prototype kit

## News

**Upgrading from version 1 to 2:** the latest version of the kit (2.0.0 and later) is not compatible with previous versions. If you update your old prototypes you'll need to [convert them as well](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/updating-the-kit).

## About the prototype kit

The prototype kit provides a simple way to make interactive prototypes that look like pages on GOV.UK. These prototypes can be used to show ideas to people you work with, and to do user research.

Read the [project principles](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/principles).

## Security

If you publish your prototypes online, they **must** be protected by a [username and password](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/publishing-on-heroku). This is to prevent members of the public finding prototypes and thinking they are real services.

You must protect user privacy at all times, even when using prototypes. Prototypes made with the kit look like GOV.UK, but do not have the same security provisions. Always make sure you are handling user data appropriately.

## Installation instructions

- [Installation guide for new users (non technical)](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/install/introduction)
- [Installation guide for developers (technical)](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/install/developer-install-instructions)

## Guides

1. [Setting up git](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/setting-up-git)
2. [Publishing on the web (Heroku)](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/publishing-on-heroku)
3. [Using GOV.UK Verify](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/using-verify)

## Other documentation

- [Prototype kit principles](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/principles)
- [Making pages](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/making-pages)
- [Writing CSS](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/writing-css)
- [Updating the kit to the latest version](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/updating-the-kit)
- [Tips and tricks](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/tips-and-tricks)
- [Creating routes (server-side programming)](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/creating-routes)

## Community

We have two Slack channels for the Prototype kit. You'll need a government email address to join them.

* [Slack channel for users of the prototype kit](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/messages/prototype-kit/)
* [Slack channel for developers of the prototype kit](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/messages/prototype-kit-dev/)

Commit message:

Major prototype kit upgrade all folders apart from app and .git overwritten

README.md, after:

# GOV.UK Prototype kit · [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/alphagov/govuk_prototype_kit.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

Go to the [GOV.UK Prototype Kit site](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs) to download the latest version and read the documentation.

## About the prototype kit

The prototype kit provides a simple way to make interactive prototypes that look like pages on GOV.UK. These prototypes can be used to show ideas to people you work with, and to do user research.

Read the [project principles](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/principles).

## Security

If you publish your prototypes online, they **must** be protected by a [username and password](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/publishing-on-heroku). This is to prevent members of the public finding prototypes and thinking they are real services.

You must protect user privacy at all times, even when using prototypes. Prototypes made with the kit look like GOV.UK, but do not have the same security provisions. Always make sure you are handling user data appropriately.

## Installation instructions

- [Installation guide for new users (non technical)](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/install/introduction)
- [Installation guide for developers (technical)](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/install/developer-install-instructions)

## Community

We have two Slack channels for the Prototype kit. You'll need a government email address to join them.

* [Slack channel for users of the prototype kit](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/messages/prototype-kit/)
* [Slack channel for developers of the prototype kit](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/messages/prototype-kit-dev/)
